Some what ?
Oh , umm , no thanks .
No , I am ok , really .
Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?
Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want .
I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest !
What for ?
It is really a hot potato .
That's excellent . How have you managed that ?
What does that mean exactly ?
What other sources of energy do you use ?
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Why don't we go for one now ?
Let's go !
I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
Yes , in most circumstances .
Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ’ s no problem for me to travel frequently .
I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?
I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
we can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit .
Do you want the truth ?
Well , you really didn't do all that well .
To be completely honest , you failed your test .
There were a number of reasons .
Basically , you just can't drive .
You can take it in a couple weeks .
Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .
Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .
Ah .
What am I supposed to do then ?
Thank you very much .
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
Sour-peppery soup .
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
No , don't need , I can do myself .
But you must cook that dinner next time .
Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?
Things are going well with me .
Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .
I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together .
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
I'm free . What's up ?
Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write .
It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .
I'll call the lost and found office .
Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
Can you hold it for me ?
Yes , here you are .
It's free of charge .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
It's $ 308 a night .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you !
Certainly , sir .
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I'll just go and check it for you , sir .
Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .
Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .
Here it is .
That's very kind of you . Thank you .
Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .
They're only $ 20 a dozen .
Yes , that is today's sale price .
Is there anything else you'd like to get ?
These roses should make your wife very happy .
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?
Yes , you did .
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
So , then why did you speed up ?
I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
Here you go . Don't do that again .
Surely of course .
Sure .
My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .
There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker .
I have to start eating better too .
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
That's basically it .
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
I know it does , and that's because it is .
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Great , thanks .
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
Why not ?
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
Is 6 o ’ clock Friday evening okay ?
Thank you very much . See you then .
Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .
Good . Anything else ?
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .
Here is five dollars .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Thank you very much .
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
well , let's get a plate of those then .
I think I might have a dahl .
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
I think I'll have a beer .
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
what would you do without me ?
Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well .
Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .
Six couples .
That sounds like a good idea .
My name is Ron Kollwitz .
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .
Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here .
No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .
Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?
Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .
Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company .
Well , to begin with , I would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . Finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average .
Yes , I studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer .
I can handle them without any trouble
Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .
I got fired .
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways .
I've never gotten one . Have you ?
Really ? What did you get one for ?
Why did you do that ?
Where did you park at ?
Don't you have your own parking spot ?
That was very lazy of you .
I ’ m having a problem .
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .
Here it is .
The last four charges on the page .
How long will an investigation take ?
That sounds absolutely fantastic .
I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?
Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .
Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
Banker ?
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
This is Professor Clark speaking .
Yes , what can I do for you ?
My goodness ! Are you OK ?
How long will you be out of class ?
Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon .
Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !
Oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . She is always flushing things down the toilet . You know how kids are .
That would be great ! Is it expensive ?
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
You need a babysitter .
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Why not ?
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
A draft beer please .
Could I have some fruit ?
Fine , thank you , and how are you ?
Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .
Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .
Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .
You are welcome .
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .
sure . How many would you like ?
are you sending them abroad ?
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
that ’ s another quid .
I am cooking now !
I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !
I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?
That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .
It's OK . Please have a taste of it .
Thank you for your praise .
I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .
Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .
It's my pleasure .
This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .
Yes , I ordered the express service .
That's fine .
What is it ?
Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's .
Would you please fill some gas for me ?
Unleaded , please .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
So do I .
I haven't seen her yet .
Tell me how she looks .
What height is she ?
That's nice , but tell me what she looks like .
I think I might've bumped into her before .
I believe so .
Yes , and I want to buy the insurance too . I think it's necessary .
Can I return the car in San Francisco ?
Really ? I heard in America you can return rental cars in different cities .
Well , I guess I will have to drive back down then . Hmm . I didn't think of that .
Yes . It will be fun . Driving back down the coast . My girlfriend will like it .
Where are the keys ?
Sure . Just leave it to me . I'll finish it .
Speaking of seafood , my mouth is watering . Let's go to the seafood restaurant in our neighborhood .
Look at the crystal clear fridge . You can see so many kinds of seafood in it . They all look very fresh and delicious .
You sound like a seafood expert . I would like to have some stir-fried squids and steamed shrimps .
Let's go into the restaurant and find a table to order some food .
OK . I will wait for you inside the restaurant
I'm going to the hospital .
About how much will it cost ?
By the way , what's the time ?
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
Where was it from ?
Jingdezhen ? Isn't it called ' the capital of porcelain ' ?
This is the very thing I've been dreaming of .
It must be most precious .
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .
Yes ?
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
you are welcome .
Alright .
Oh , yeah ? It's better if we make a police report first . Then you can go to the hospital .
Well , you'll just have to wait . I'm not going to move my car until the police arrive . I'll go into one of those houses over there and use their phone . Don't worry . You'll get to the hospital in time .
Yes , maybe it does.But if you're going to drive like you did just now , you will have to get used to a little physical pain . You know what I mean ?
I'm afraid it wasn't . And when the police get here , you will also see that it wasn't . But enough of this bickering . I'm going to go find a phone.Don ' t move that arm while I'm gone . Alright ?
Hello . I'm thinking about watching a Chinese traditional opera with a foreign girl . What's on this weekend ?
It's a good thing that I have choices here . Can you tell me about the one on Saturday ?
What about the performance itself ?
Wow , a story about the clever Monkey King . It's a classic and children's favorite .
Wonderful ! How much is the ticket ?
Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
French dressing , please .
Oh , French dressing .
We still prefer French dressing .
Certainly . And what vegetables would you like ?
Fine , And what about something to drink ?
Good . Thank you.sir .
No , thanks . I ' Ve had enough . I'll have my bill , please .
Thank you .
Sure . First of all , it ’ s very important for you not to be late . Job interviewers usually don ’ t think very highly of a candidate who arrives ten minutes after the appointed time , only to explain that he could not find the place or that there was heavy traffic .
So you ’ d better explore the place the day before and at the same time , look around to see what the employees are wearing . So the next day you will arrive early for the appointment .
That ’ s right . You need to create a good image in a limited time , usually about 30 to 45 minutes .
It ’ s not too difficult to make a good impression . For example , you should take care to appear well-groomed and modestly dressed . Avoid the extremes of a too elaborate or too casual style . This will put you on the same level as other applicants and make the interviewer consider more important qualifications .
I advise you not to wear a too casual style when going to an interview . Informal clothes as well as torn jeans and dirty shoes convey the impression that you are not serious about the job , or that you may be casual about your work as you are about your clothes .
You misunderstood me . Clothes which are too colorful or too expensive suggest that you do not understand what behavior is appropriate for the job , or that you are snobbish or frivolous .
You got it . Only in this way can you gain the respect of the interviewer and his confidence in your judgement .
It may not be true , but the first and lasting impression of you is determined by your clothes and behavior .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
What a pity !
That's OK .
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .
It's NX567822100007 .
OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
Yes . I have to stay in your cry for just one day , can you suggest a short tour ?
I would prefer the first one .
I need to find out some more information for L / C . I would like an outline of responsibilities , both ours , yours and the beneficiary , please .
OK , got it . Is there anything else I need to know before we go ahead ?
That sounds fine , thanks for that . Let's go ahead !
I would like to report a break-in .
I believe it happened last night .
It happened at my house .
I haven't checked yet .
My front window was broken .
I'd appreciate that .
One dollar .
Actually , you can only have four .
Okay . Thanks .
Come in please .
Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
Thank you.Please get some soap for us .
Oh ? What ’ s wrong ?
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
Then tell me something about your background .
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Have you got anything to ask me ?
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Good . Have you got any other questions ?
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
Can you take he away from me ?
She kept bothering me .
But I am her brother , not her servant .
Maybe you should look around for an outlet .
Outlets have more reasonable prices .
No problem . Good luck
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
sure . What do you need ?
really ? Why ?
but surely they won't fire you ! You're one of the most experienced managers here !
well that's great news ! Congratulations ! Where will you be located ?
it'll be sad to see you go , but it sounds like you're found yourself a great opportunity .
I'm sorry to bring this up , but would it be possible for you to write me a letter of recommendation before you go ?
thanks . I appreciate that .
Do you have this shirt in a small ?
May I try it on ?
I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...
Yes , sir . I apologize for that . Here ’ s the file you were looking for , Mr . Emory .
Sorry , I'm using it myself.But you can use it this afternoon .
Don't mention it , let's go in .
She sure can . Are you jealous , Leslie ?
You can ! With a little practice .
I think he's hot too .
Exercised over and over . Exercise is a key .
Good for you , Leslie !
OK , how was everything ?
Would you like this to-go ?
Sure , no problem . Here you are . That'll be 25 dollars .
Yes , we accept Visa and MasterCard .
Thanks . I'll be right back .
Here's your receipt .
You're welcome . Please come again .
I'm going to quit the job .
The task is tough .
Thanks for your concern .
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages.CouId I put them here ?
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
No , thanks . I'm on a diet .
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?
Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
Not at all .
Better late than never .
For what ? Are you taking up painting ?
Oh , good . How old is your niece ?
It's a wise thing to do . Art will do a child a world of good .
Hi , Mr . Smith . This is Mary . Is Jenny there ?
Yes , please tell her that band practice has been moved to Tuesday night at eight thirty .
No , but if she has any questions , she can call me at 555-2345 .
Thank you . Bye .
Yes , a little .
I'm sorry . I can't quite follow you . Would you mind speaking slowly ?
I've a driver mate in my car !
Yes , it's so helpful .
Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?
No , thanks .
Yes.Would tomorrow morning be all right with you ?
I'm afraid he's fully engaged.Could you make it another time ?
I'm just shopping .
Some new clothes . How about you ?
Have you found anything nice yet ?
Where'd you get those ?
Those are really cute .
I would like that . Thank you .
Yes , speaking .
No , I haven't got one by now . I will go to the interview of yours .
Yes , of course . We could split it . What part would you like to do , the food or the entertainment ?
Let's make sure we are on the same page . Do we want a formal or informal gathering ?
Yes , that would be best . Now , for food should we have Chinese or American food ?
That would be great . What kind of music would you like , a band or recorded music ?
That works for me . Let's see what we can each do about planning our part and meet again on Friday .
What's the matter ?
Scrambled egg , bacon , three pieces of bread and a cup of tea .
No , thank you .
Over there .
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low .
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
Pots and pans are right over there .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
Here . Let me give you an application form .
Okay . Enjoy your browsing .
I'm allergic to these things , you know .
Let ’ s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
OK . But just let me pick up a bottle of cooking wine and oil as we go by .
You are speaking with Professor Clark .
Yes , how can I help you ?
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
How much school will you miss ?
I appreciate you calling and telling me that you won ’ t be in class . See you next week !
Can ’ t complain . And you ?
Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
You mean the network connection ?
I have the same question . I can ’ t send out mails . We ’ d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
Dad , I have to do my homework .
Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
I'm sorry , dad . But I would rather stay at school than go to cram school .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
OK , I'll listen to you .
What do you have in mind ?
What kind are you thinking of getting ?
What kind of pie do you want ?
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
I love apple pie .
There you go . Problem solved .
I'll be with you in a minute .
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?
What kinds of currency do you change ?
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
Thank you .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .
Oh , I'm sorry about that .
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
I'll certainly look into that .
Yes , sir . What price range do you have in mind ?
I see . Let me show you some samples of various qualities . This one is very nice . It's three hundred and fifty dollars .
We are having a sale now . The price has already gone down .
It's two hundred and eighty dollars .
Yes , I would like to buy a Walkman . Can you tell me about the models you have ?
Mostly cassette tapes .
Kreng ? I've never heard of that company .
I suppose I don't want that one then . I don't like auto-reverse . It breaks too easily .
Yes , twice now . I think it's too high-tech , and so it's the first part that breaks .
Well . No , I didn't clean it.But still , I only had the last one two months , and it broke . I don't trust auto-reverse .
How much is it ?
Can I test it out ?
It sounds great . I'll take it .
Thanks .
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
Immediately .
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
You should always remember that one customer one file is the rule .
Yes , they were . But it has already past . The traffic from the airport to downtown has been relieved after the completion of Yan'an Aerial Road .
That's wonderful . OK . I'll remember that . But I have to warn you that you must drive very carefully in the downtown area , for there're no separate lanes for motor vehicles and bicycles in some places , and still quite a few people don't take road regulations seriously .
You can ’ t really tell everything about a house from the outside . Let ’ s go inside .
I think that fresh paint and cleaning would help it look a little better .
I hear that the kitchen is quite large . Let ’ s go check it out .
The master suite is supposed to be quite elegant . Maybe it will be a little better .
I think that we have seen all that we need to see here . Let ’ s go look at another house .
Have you decided what wine you would like ?
I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
Wait a minute ! Just hold your horses ! What's your hurry , anyway ?
That won't take long .
Well , I'm not quite ready .
You wouldn't do a thing like that !
Engaged ? She ’ s married .
Yes , Mother , but my arm is longer .
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
Okay , sir . Have a pleasant evening .
Yes , I have , Mr . Thomas . We'll pack them two dozen to one carton , and the gross weight is around 25 kilos a carton .
Take it easy.you ' Ve made enough preparations .
I'm sure you'll pass it .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Suit yourself . Don ’ t forget to set the alarm clock .
Yes . I want to go to Beijing Hotel .
Oh no ! What shall I do ?
Thank you very much .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .
Hum.Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
Let ’ s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
How tall is this building ?
I have heard its name is connected with someone , is that right ?
I ’ m calling to cancel my reservation for Trans Pacific Flight 8 on July 19 from Taipei to Minneapolis . Could you please make it for the same flight on August 2 instead of July 19 ?
My name is Judy Wang .
My first name is J-U-D-Y , and my last name is W-A-N-G .
It ’ s OK . Where should I pay for the penalty ?
That ’ s 1POJ7403 .
Thank you !
No , thanks . I ’ m all set . Good-bye .
Yeah . This is supply . What can I do for you ?
All right . No problem . What ’ s your extension ?
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?
Is there anything else ?
How old is he ?
Well . I shouldn ’ t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
Could I get a hamburger , please ?
No , thank you .
Let me have a soda .
May I have a Sprite , please ?
I would also like a bag of chips .
That's everything .
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Yes , I'm good with people .
This is the place I was telling you about .
Good .
Yes , of course . Excuse me . Could you possibly let us see your menu ? Oh . They haven't got one either .
I ’ m thinking about it . How much is it ?
Oh , dear . It ’ s too expensive . Can you give me a better price ?
It ’ s still too much . Can ’ t you make it any cheaper than that ?
I see . Can I pay by traveler ’ s checks ?
Sure . What do you need ?
Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Now press this button .
Just a second . I'll go get some .
Tell me what the problem is .
Do you have some quarters ?
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
That's all there is .
If you need anything else , just let me know .
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ?
Only three days ?
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ’ m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
It was the same as the last place I worked at . I was hoping you ’ d be different .
Yeah . I am too .
I was thinking we should just go to the cafeteria .
I actually like the food there .
They have anything you want .
I bought some chow mein at the cafeteria . It tasted great .
I think you'll really like the food there .
That's OK .
Fine . If you'll excuse me , I'd like to go it over first . ( After about 15 minutes ) Hmm , you've done a pretty good job . It's well prepared .
Well , I suggest that we discuss only the clauses and points where we have different opinions just to save time .
First , let's read Clause Two about packing . It's our usual practice to ship our products in containers . That'll save time and money , but your contract stipulates the use of wooden cases . So , we'd like to have the words containers are allowed in the contract .
For shipment , you know we are producing a complete set of equipment for you and it won't all be finished at one time . So would you allow us to make partial shipments .
Certainty.Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
How do you do , Jack . Nice to meet you .
Yes , you are right . After all , the quality of your air conditioners is good . The only problem is price .
That's why I came to your office today . We think for your model WE - 506 $ 590 would be reasonable , because air conditioners of the same kind sold by other companies are usually about 579-649 .
I see your point . That's to say s 611 each set . Still it's much higher than the market price . Could you see your way to reduce the price , Jack ?
All right . We accept it . So $ 600 for each set .
I'm not sure.You look familiar .
Yes.And you're Mr.Jones , I remember .
Yes , I have an overall understanding .
Then when will I get a reply at the latest ?
But if I don't pass , will you call me ?
Then do I have the chance to get this job ?
I know . No matter what the result will be , I have learned a lot from our conversation .
Thanks for giving me the opportunity of this interview .
Well , you'd better lie down now . You need a good rest .
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed.The more really close friends I have , the better .
People who are honest , dedicated to their work and having integrity .
Hello , everybody . I am Monica and this is my first day at work . I am working in the finance department . I am very happy to meet everyone and I am looking forward to working well with all of you . I am very happy to be one of the team and I will do my best to get into the working situation as soon as possible . By the way , call me Monica . Everybody calls me so .
Yes . I was president of the Student Council of our university .
Yes . I was elected Excellent Party Member for four academic years .
Yes . I was a member of the Student Poetry Society . I like writing poems in my spare time .
I sometimes played table tennis and sometimes played basketball .
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
Why ?
But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
You should try swimming then . It helps you to keep fit .
I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
I can type 80 words a minute , basically no mistake , and can take dictation in English at 120 words per minute .
Yes . When can I get them back ?
That's fine . By the way , please have that suit dry cleaned .
Is your blood pressure , I'm afraid . It's far too high .
Overwork-amongst other things . You can't work 24 hours a day . You ' Ve got to slow down .
You've got to , I'm afraid . And look at this . You weigh 200 stones . That's too much for a man of your size .
Yes . You've got to cut down on bread and potatoes and take more exercise .
Exercise . The morning hours are the most precious period within a single day . We should not pass them up easily . Seize the time and do something useful .
Usually , I run to the Black Bamboo Park as a warm-up . Admission is free . Then I start my activities .
No , I've deliberately kept a balance between various exercises ; parallel bars , push-ups , sit-ups , bunny-hops , five-kilometer run , and so on . I alternate them over the weekdays . Sometimes , when I find myself in a bad state , I will simply idle about in the park .
It's not easy to keep a good habit , you know . I fear that if I fail to get up early one day , I may find it still more difficult to rise early the next . Besides , a mere walk in the early morning is much fun , too . Here and there in the park , you meet whole gangs of senior citizens who might be singing operas or old songs , playing er'hu , chess , or just chatting and gossiping . It's interesting to join them .
I think Pond's is the best .
They're on special offer today .
First , you should have enough sleep to get over the jet lag before the departure . Most people will suffer from jet lag for a few days after a long flight .
Do you have an airsickness ?
You'd better bring some medicine for airsickness .
Can you do that in the mornings , or would the afternoons be best ?
There are a number of open houses this weekend in your area . Would that okay with you ?
We could meet at the real estate office , or I could pick you up at your home .
I can think of five houses that we should look at . It will take most of the day .
When I have confirmed the times with the owners , I will e-mail you our plans for the day .
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?
$ 300 .
Here you are .
What do you mean ?
Enough is enough . I know .
I'm sorry , Mrs . Lin . We don't allow smoking in the office .
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
Yes , that ’ s right .
No , that ’ s all .
Just put it on the table please .
No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
Tomato or orange juice , please .
Yeah , we probably should.How much is normal ?
That sounds about right .
It will leave at 3:00 p . m .
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m.tomorrow .
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
Where to , sir ?
Hop in , please .
It will take about thirty minutes because it is the rush hour .
It is an exhibition of Chinese jades . It is held each year . A nice collection jades of are on display and sold .
No problem .
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
No .
How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
Here you are .
Thank you !
Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
The 17th will be fine .
Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Sounds good . Thanks a lot .
Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
I see . Have a look at this one . It ’ s very cheap because it ’ s not very durable .
Ok , the mirror is over there .
I am looking for a pair of shoes .
High hells , please . I want to wear them in formal situations .
Sure , what ’ s up ?
I don ’ t know anything about it . Soccer isn ’ t as popular in my country as it is here .
Is it anything like American football ?
I ’ ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ’ s like .
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Now we have to make a choice about what we will see and what we won't .
The material is so abstract that I have trouble understanding it .
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .
By the way , I want a large room .
Yes , that's what I am looking for . I will take the room for 2 days .
Sorry , I can ’ t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
Oh , I don ’ t know ... it ’ s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
Oh , that ’ s great . Thanks Grace . Can you give me her number ? I ’ ll talk it over with Dan and give her a call tomorrow . Maybe this way I won ’ t be so tired every day , and Dan and I might even get to go
What are you excited about ?
Was this your first time ?
You ’ re lucky .
Because you turned 18 in an election year .
You didn ’ t ?
You should be , because you ’ re a part of history .
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .
Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Could I have look at that pair of canvas shoes ? They look nice .
What's Tiananmen famous for ?
What's that ?
All the sightseeing in china is very attractive and crescive.travelling to China is very worth one.thank you so much for your guides , and I'll miss you .
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
Yes , I almost slid too.Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
Well , unfortunately I have got something to do this weekend . But let me see ...
That's very kind of you.How soon do you really need them ?
I'll try .
How can I ever thank you ? I owe you a big favor .
Sorry to hear that . Can we do anything about it ?
Then I have to call another taxi , or I'll be late .
What ’ s the matter with them ?
Ah , I can do it perfectly .
6 yuan . And I can make them as new as before .
All right . I ’ ll repair them for you .
Yes . They will be ready in a few minutes .
Hello , Is that Stefan ?
Really ? Are you sure ? I called before and he was there .
That can't be true . I remember the number clearly . Is your number 1199886 ?
Oh , I'm sorry I bothered you . I'm really sorry .
Sorry again for bothering you .
Good morning . I ’ m here to see Rochelle Davis , the Human Resources Manager .
Yes , I do . I have a 10:00 appointment with her this morning .
My name is Bruce Green .
Thank you .
Oh , it ’ s almost eleven twenty .
You ’ re welcome . The rain is quite heavy , isn ’ t it ?
I have one . We could share it . Which way are you going ?
I am going there , too . We can walk together .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
And what is more , in traditional Chinese thinking , cranes and pine trees symbolize longevity .
Yes , it's $ 167 .
It looks wonderful . Very authentic .
OK . So , what can you recommend ?
Is it salty ?
What does ' Duppa del Giono ' mean ? I'm sorry I don't know how to pronounce that .
No . I'll try them . Sounds good .
Anything you would like to know ?
We expect the usher girl to be good-looking , no less than 165 centimeters high , and love smiling .
Yes , actually I ’ m looking to buy a camera .
Actually I ’ m buying a camera for my husband .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ’ s ok , but I ’ m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ’ t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
No you ’ re not ! There are some right here !
Thanks for your help , Ralph !
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
That one there ?
Thank you . You ' Ve been very helpful .
That ’ s certainly true . But , that ’ s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .
All right , Maria . I ’ ll give you until tomorrow at 4:00 to produce a satisfactory piece of work , but otherwise , you ’ ll have to re-do it .
You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I'd like to have some more . It's really good .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
One dollar .
Two stops after this one .
Sure .
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ’ t ready yet is my wedding dress .
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
Yes . We ’ Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
The palace hotel they ’ re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ’ m sure they ’ ll do a good job .
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .
Sure , go ahead .
Coffee ? I don ’ t honestly like that kind of stuff .
What ’ s wrong with that ? Cigarette is the thing I go crazy for .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
If it makes you feel any better , other guests feel the same way .
How nice of him . I'll be delighted to go . But what time would be convenient ?
That's great . It's most thoughtful of you to do this , Miss Rose .
Goodbye and see you tonight . Miss Rose .
Sorry , but he's not in . May I take a message for you ?
OK , I'll tell him .
Yes , of course . Here it is .
No , some of them are my friend's . Do you want her passport , too ?
Do you want me to put it on the belt , too ?
OK . Just a moment . It's just some clothes and toiletries .
I think there is nothing .
Oh , no . None of that .
Thanks a lot .
Yes ?
Oh , did you ?
Yes , of course.Will you come with the receipt ?
Until 8 o'clock , ma'am . We are looking forward to seeing you .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
Well , anything is better than nothing . Wait and see .
Why , do we need groceries ?
Do you know what to get ?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
Why don't you just get the basics ?
Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
Sure , no problem .
Since we have reached an agreement on all terms , there shouldn't be any problems for the contract .
Yes , I got it . Thanks .
Yes , can I help you ?
OK , here you are .
I was unable to make it .
Is that right . Who ended up winning ?
I wish I was free that night . I'm kind of mad that I didn't go .
What was the score at the end of the game ?
Sounds like it was a close game .
The next game , I will definitely be there .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
That's a good idea .
It is 15 minutes ’ drive .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Yes , at the end of the hall .
Good morning , I have an appointment with Mr . Johnson at 10:00
Yes . That ’ s right .
Well , I ’ ll wait .
Thank you . Coffee , please .
Thank you very much .
I need to report a break-in .
Last night .
It happened at my house .
I'm not sure yet .
My front window was busted .
Please hurry .
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .
OK , OK !
Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What do you mean ?
We'd better take it up with them , in that case .
No problem , if possible I always combine business with pleasure . Now , let ’ s hear more about these chocolates you ’ re offering .
Mmmm , sounds interesting ... gourmet chocolates , where are they produced ? Belgium ?
Really ? I didn ’ t think they were known for their luxury chocolate production
Oh , thanks . Mmm , hmm , creamy texture , very smooth ...
Yes , very interesting flavors ... Slightly spicy , very unique , that ’ s for sure . Exactly what ARE the ingredients ?
Haggis ? What ’ s Haggis ?
Ah , get back to you .
Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ?
That's reasonable .
Yes , that's right .
Oh , yes . I remember .
Monica , wait a moment . I think we ’ d better call the repair man to do it .
I ’ d like you to have a look at the safety manual of our company .
Other company rules also need your attention .
Don ’ t mention it .
When did you finish ?
Well , I ’ m glad to hear it . Have a cup of coffee !
Did you mail us your last Continued Claim Form ?
We cannot pay you unless you turn that form in every two weeks .
It can ’ t be more than fourteen days late for us to accept it .
You can ’ t possibly know in advance how much you will be working . If you mail it in too soon , we will reject it !
Your check will be arriving late , but the next one will come right on time .
I'm ready when you are , sir .
You are so right , sir . The clock just struck nine .
Sir , right here we have a storage site . Its only $ 5 an hour , but you need to leave a deposit .
I'm sorry , sir , but it isn't . Your MasterCard or VISA will take care of things nicely .
Okay , sir . But don't take too long . You only have 30 minutes .
Yes . I'd like a cup of onion soup .
I'd like the roast chicken , please .
Yes , I know and I like it very much . I will take it .
How long is this cell phone guaranteed ?
It was alright . I ran into Bill and we got to talking for a while . He ’ s in a bit of a jam .
Well , his son had an accident and Bill doesn ’ t have health insurance . This really got me thinking , and I wondered if we shouldn ’ t look into a couple of different HMO ’ s .
Exactly ! I searched on the web and found a couple of HMO ’ s with low co-pays and good coverage . The deductibles are low , too .
Well , we don ’ t have any pre-existing illnesses or conditions , so we should be fine .
Not in a million years !
Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
You must have over 2 years'experience first .
Played poker with my work friends .
Of course .
Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
Yes of course . This is a really good one actually .
This one is 1500 yuan .
Would you like anything else ?
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
It may take less time , but I don't know about easier . Yuck .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
The rent is $ 1500 per month .
The deposit is $ 500 .
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .
And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
Of course we will need proof , originals and duplicate of everything . As soon as you bring in the proof and we assess it , it should be very quick indeed .
Yes , I know a little about Japanese which is similar to Chinese not only in culture but in language itself .
I passed the Band two in LPT , but I will try to achieve Band one which is the highest level .
I ’ m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .
No appetite , always unaged and I can ’ t sleep well .
YES . I ’ Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
About two month ago .
What am I suppose to do ?
Thank you , doctor . I ’ ll do what you say .
Certainly . Here it is .
That's right . A German company has invited me for business talks .
Just two weeks .
Only one . In this case , I have a camera .
Yes , I do .
I will .
Thank you .
Generally speaking , a CV or resume is made up of 6 parts , personal information , educational experience , practical experience , personal skills , self-evaluation and job intentions .
Including your name , sex , date of birth , height , phone number , and so on .
Yes , please . I ’ m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
What was your major in school ?
Have you done any work in this field ?
What section did you work in ?
So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
That's good .
The Grand Hotel .
Yes.Do you know where it is ?
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
Yes . I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start .
I'll have a steak , medium rare .
Yes , I do .
OK . Here you are .
You're right .
Which one ?
Yes , I see .
What ’ s going to be covered in the orientation ?
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
It is OK with me . I enjoy being busy and learning new things .
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
Just a minute please . I ’ ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
You ’ re welcome .
We should have it put together by the end of next week .
Well , as the saying goes – we aim to please !
Here are some.They ' re on special sale these days .
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
What is this setting made of ?
I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
Good morning . This is room 113 . I'd like some breakfast , please .
That's right .
I'd like some grapefruit juice , marmalade , two scrambled eggs with two sausages , toast , and a pot of black coffee , please . How long will it take ?
Great . Thank you .
You really should go to Rachel's pet store .
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
But it will pose a risk to your health .
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
Yes , good luck , Maria .
Hold on a minute , please .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
OK , we wait for you .
what is it ?
yes .
really ? That's fantastic ! Will you get a chance to do any writing ?
wow ! That's really great news . How often does the magazine come out ?
are you looking forward to doing more editing work ?
do you have any order forms here so that I can get a subscription to the magazine ?
I'm really looking forward to reading your column .
sure , where would you like to go ?
I think I may have seen it on the kitchen table .
who's the director ?
yes , it was fantastic ! Can I read the article when you're finished ?
that's ok . I'll wait until you're finished . Just out of curiosity , do you have a subscription for that magadize ?
how much does the magadize cost ?
that's quite expensive . Who is their target audience ?
I bet you'll still buy it , though . You wouldn't be able to live without your fashion magazine !
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .
From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
Ha ! I'm just warming up ! Please take me there now !
Sure . What do you want to find ?
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
O . K . Well , go to google.com , and type in “ Battle of Gettysburg . ”
Here , try this one . It ’ s a good site about Gettysburg .
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
OK . You ’ d better come back in two hours .
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Yes . He usually replies immediately .
My pleasure . I hope you get a hold of him .
I'm in pretty bad shape , Dr . Ford .
No appetite , always on edge , and I can't sleep well .
Yes , I have lost quite a few pounds since last month .
About two month ago .
Well , Mr . Brown , I'm happy to say it's nothing serious .
What am I supposed to do ?
Try to get outdoors more and be sure to get more rest .
Morning , Michael . I ’ Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ’ Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
No , thanks . I ’ Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Yes . I ’ Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
No , we ’ re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
You have ordered a red dress , is that right ?
Yes , here you are . Try it in front of the mirror .
Did I hear about it ? I saw it happen .
I was there .
A man came into the bank with a gun .
I was so scared when I saw the gun .
He took the money and tried to get away .
He didn't even make it out the door .
hello ! I was exhausted form studying , so I decided to read the newspaper to relax . Unfortunately , the news is so depressing . There has been another murder in the city center . I ’ m shocked that the pole
you mean if they catch the murderer . I ’ m scared stiff about going into the city center at night .
well , there was one good piece of news . You remember the local girl who was dying of a rare blood disease ?
well , they ’ Ve got the money and she ’ s going tomorrow for treatment .
I ’ m sure they are . Oh , and a local man won the lottery . I ’ m so jealous ! I wish it were me ! I buy a lottery ticket every week and I ’ m amazed that I haven ’ t even won a small prize yet . It ’ s so unfair !
Let me see . The bell-bottom pants are $ 90 and the coat is $ 120 . It comes to $ 210 .
I am sorry . It's a one-price shop .
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
Yes , there is .
Yes.May I have some more beer ?
Yes , the meal was very delicious and I enjoyed very much . I'm full .
By the way , Miss.Where is the toilet ?
What ?
I attend an aerobic class three times a week .
No , I feel young , fresh and energetic .
No , this isn't .
Sure . Wait a minute .
Why don't you wear a scarf ?
You're cold because the wind is blowing into your open collar . It's not because your jacket isn't thick enough .
Yes . That's the secret to wearing a thin jacket .
I'll lend you my gloves and earmuffs until you get your own .
The most important thing to do is to make sure you know the company and what services or products it provides . Do you know all about them ?
Well , after you've done your research , you have to decide whether the company is casual or formal . Have you decided what they are yet ?
When you are choosing what to wear , keep all of that in mind . Have you chosen what to wear ?
I would always be ready to go shopping with you ! Should we talk about other basics ?
You need to make sure you arrive on time , smile , be pleasant and friendly , look the person in the eye and answer all questions to the best of your ability . You'll do great !
Would you please show me that mural ?
It looks so beautiful . How much is it ?
That's a bit more than I wanted to pay . Can you cut the price down a bit ?
Maybe you are right . OK , I'll take it .
Thank you . Here is four hundred yuan .
We ’ re glad that you ’ re here . Would you like a tour of the house ?
Sure , I ’ ll just go put the kettle on . Why don ’ t you have a seat on the sofa and I ’ ll go take care of things in the kitchen .
Do you take milk or sugar with your tea ?
Ok . What do you think about our living room ?
My parents gave them to us as a house warming gift .
Your daughter usually does the dusting , and I do the vacuuming .
That ’ s very nice of you to offer . Here ’ s your tea . Be careful , it ’ s still quite hot .
I feel sorry for you . It's a jungle out there .
well . I guess I can ask around to see if anyone's got a room or apartment available .
how much do are you looking to spend ?
looks like you'll have to get a place in the suburbs .
anything you need to have in the place ?
you can also check out university bulletin boards .
not really , but landlords put up notices to attract students and they often have low rent .
good luck .
Hi , I'd like to order some flowers .
They're for my Wife . Her name is Samantha .
I don't know . I don't know too much about flowers . Can you recommend something ?
Today's her birthday and she told me she wants me to buy her flowers .
I'm not sure . I know I should know that , but I can't remember right now .
Roses will be fine .
I think red would be nice .
Can you deliver them , please ?
241 Main street .
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?
You have to try at least .
That's nothing .
I need to take a few classes .
How about a driver's course ?
I don't understand why I need to make an appointment .
I'd like to make one now if I could .
I'd like to come in tomorrow morning at 9
That's great . Thank you very much .
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms.Jenkins , Please .
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
No problem .
Better , thank you , doctor .
Certainly , doctor . Come upstairs .
Does he have a temperature , doctor ?
Must he stay in bed ?
He's in bed , doctor . Can you see him , please ? He has a bad cold , too !
What would you like to know , Mr . Green ?
In 2004 , I got a job in the sales department of a trading company near Guangzhou . I started a sales representative . A year later , I was promoted to the position of sales manager . I had that job ever since , which is just over a year now .
Frankly , some part of it I enjoy very much , but I prefer something more professional . It happens that I have a friend working here in this company . She told me the export department was to recruit an assistant . I felt very excited at this news . That's why I'm here .
Yes , it's very nice . All our foreign visitors enjoy it . The food is wonderfully well-prepared . Let me know if you need any help with the menu .
Yes . A terrine is a kind of meat pate . It's meat turned into a paste . It sounds horrible but it's actually really good .
You could try the ravioli . They are rather like your Chinese dumplings , and the sauce is delicious .
Well , you can have fries-French fries-or simple boiled potatoes .
I'm having my usual . I like the fish here . Would you like some wine ?
Would you like those with yogurt ?
What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
It ’ s a special kind of Chinese herb . It ’ s good for you !
What's so great about it ?
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
This one looks really expensive though .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Just joking , Tonia . I've got some wonderful clothes . Let's go and have a close look at your outfit .
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .
Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
Good idea .
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
So , this 500 RIB is worthless ?
Right , I see . Let me give you another 500 RIB .
Thanks . Now can I make the full deposit ?
Do we have to ?
It ’ s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ’ d really hate to have to take it down .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
I'm ask for a pizza , please .
You're right , that is great .
Medium one will be perfect , thank you
I like seafood on my pizza .
Tuna sounds good today .
That would be to go .
No problem .
I need some remedies for an upset stomach .
Yes , and I also have the runs
When should I take them ?
How long should I continue taking them ?
Thank you for your advice .
Yes . I want a window seat definitely , in the smoking section .
What's the weight limit ?
Thank you .
Let me check.Oh , oh ! It ’ s at 3:25 .
It ’ s at ... gate 14 .
OK , so here ’ s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
You'll need to make an appointment .
What day would you like us to do the installation ?
We're only available at 3
I'm sorry . That's the only available time .
Yes . Anytime on Saturday will be fine .
We can do it . See you then .
Yes , it is .
Yes , and I hope that it does .
I really love how rain clears the air .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Yeah , me too .
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
Come with me , please .
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi .
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
For the most part , yes . If you don't feel comfortable with it , then it is best not to take one at night .
Sure . What time do you want to go ?
That sounds good . Today we work on Legs and forearm .
I'm on a weekly schedule . You're messing everything up .
Aright . I'll meet you at the gym at 3:30 then .
I knew everything would work out for you !
Wonderful ! Do you already have your work schedule ?
Do you know what you will be doing yet ?
You're so good with people . I think they will like you !
Hello , yes , I ’ d like to open a bank account .
What What features do they offer ?
I see , well , I think I ’ m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
No , that won ’ t be necessary .
Yes , I ’ d like to deposit one billion dollars .
Sure . Do you want to have the car washed ?
You can pick it up in half an hour . By the way , how are you going to pay , cash or credit ?
Yes . I ’ m going to travel around Europe .
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ’ m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Oh , don ’ t worry , I will !
It ’ s nice to meet you , too .
Would you like to ask me anything ?
I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
Yes , I would .
I ’ m sure they won ’ t , but that ’ s my view on gay marriage .
I really appreciate that .
This is Mr.White speaking .
Yes .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ’ clock ?
Thank you for calling.Goodbye .
All right . Which room shall I have ?
Mr Green , please .
What time you suspect back them ?
No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Ok , thank you.Goodbye .
No , there's a definite difference . You know , the stockholders are the people who own the company ... they're the financial control system . Then there's the CEO — the chief executive officer . He's the hot shot , the main guy who is the boss . If there is only one person with absolute power in the organization , everyone knows that the power will go to their head . It's too dangerous . That's the reason for a Board of Directors . The board is made up of people who are experts in the industry . They could be related to the organization , but more commonly , they are independent and non-biased .
Usually not more than 15 , not less than 10 . They meet monthly , quarterly , or biannually to oversee an organization or company . They provide long term planing and vision , and also act as moral watchdogs rto keep the company in line .
We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ’ t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
No problem . We'll supply you with an apartment of two bedrooms and a living room .
Sorry . You know the rules .
That ’ s out of the question .
Not a chance .
Sorry , it ’ s impossible .
She ’ s in the garden , Jane .
She ’ s sitting under the tree .
Yes , he is . He ’ s climbing the tree .
Tim is .
The dog ’ s in the garden , too . It ’ s running across the grass . It ’ s running after a cat .
I have a sore throat and headache .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Ok , go ahead .
What fun ! Normally I ’ d love to , but I ’ m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ’ Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .
Unfortunately , I just can ’ t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ’ s my second wedding anniversary , and we ’ re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
Yeah , maybe . Thanks , anyway . Hope you guys have a great time !
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .
Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Well.It doesn't go with your skirt . I think the color itself is fine though .
Of course ! Are you ?
You should know that .
The election is this Tuesday .
I ’ m not kidding .
That should ’ Ve been something you knew already .
Whatever . Just make sure you go vote .
Zina , why are you whispering ?
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
I'm not going to buy one .
I think it's a waste of money .
How is that ?
Is that right ?
That sounds nice .
Yeah , I think I will .
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
From Video TV .
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
No , that's 447-9626 .
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
Thank you . Good-bye .
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
Where shall we sit ?
I love it . I really enjoy creating a meal from various ingredients and watching my friends enjoy it.It gives me a real sense of satisfaction.Do you enjoy cooking ?
You can ask the guests for help . My guests usually insist on doing the washing up . I just have to remind them where everything goes .
Italian , Indian and chinese . I ’ Ve only recently started cooking chinese meals and I need some more practice .
Not at all.You can find most of them in supermarkets.The ingredients are usually the same as in Western food.The way that the food is prepared is the big difference , not the ingredients .
Obviously , it depends on what I ’ m cooking.But I ’ d say it generally takes about one and a half hours .
You came to the right place . Any particular decade ?
We just got one in yesterday , so now we have six .
Yes , we still have two boxes left that have dancing figures .
That one truly is a beautiful piece of work , isn't it ?
Oh , no . Everything we sell here is " as is . "
If it breaks down , maybe you can find a repairman on the Internet .
Why not ? Come on ! Just a cute little puppy . or a kitty !
I will ! I ’ ll feed it , bathe it and walk it every day ! We can get a Labrador or a German Shepard !
Ok . How about we get a cat or a ferret ?
Fine ! Let ’ s get a bird then ! We can keep it in its cage and teach it to talk ! A parrot would be awesome !
Yay !
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?
Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
That's wonderful ! I like swimming .
I've already told my buddy , Mark , that I am going hunting with him in Alaska .
Hey , I've always gone hunting or fishing on vacation . I am sorry that bothers you .
Says who ? I don't think that is necessarily the case .
Whatever you say !
Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?
If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
I quarreled with my roommate last night . He is really stubborn .
He is really outrageous .
I went back home last night . You know tired as a dog , so I took a quick shower and went to bed . I couldn't fall asleep , because Brian was there in the living room , playing his stupid stereo so loud . I kindly told him to turn that down a little bit . He shouted at me .
Well , he did it anyway . Then he came into my room and shot all his shit blah blah blah ... you know .
I shouted it back of course .
What would you do if you were in my shoes ?
No way , Kate . I mean it's just not my fault .
I am too angry to do that .
Let me see . I am sorry we just have sold it out .
I think so . Could I have you name , telephone number ? If we get one , I will call you .
Charles Dickens.Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
It ’ s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
I ’ m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ’ d lose all my money .
Yes , I do . It ’ s hard to find four players though , so I don ’ t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
The second day you take a four-hour city tour . In the afternoon you go on the famous boat cruise under the falls .
Oh hello , Sally . This is Dave Thomson here . Could I speak to Jim please ?
Any idea when he might be back ?
OK . well , tell him I've called , will you , and I'll try again later .
Thanks then Sally . Goodbye .
I ’ m in the middle of something right now . I ’ ll be there in a second .
Alright , alright . I ’ m coming .
You know what , I have to pick something up at the mall , so why don ’ t you clean the floors and I'll go to the supermarket and get all the groceries .
Hey , honey I ’ m back . Wow , the house looks really good !
Just a sec I ’ m just gonna vacuum this rug real fast
I'd like to talk to somebody about the Group Account Deposit Service .
What is it used for ? I mean , why bother to get this special account ?
I see , so this can really cut down on time and centralise management . Interesting ...
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
May I have a look at your passport , please ?
Good morning . I'm interested in antiques . Do you have any ?
What do you have ?
I'd like porcelain .
Oh , it looks well . I like it very much .
How much is it ?
It's not expensive . I'll take it .
Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .
Yes , I have already booked a room .
We've got several good chicken dishes if you like chicken .
This is worth trying .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
Sounds like we have the same idea .
Generally speaking , job seekers can enter the websites either of job agencies or of some units for job advertisements .
You can e-mail your application materials for application to the websites of job agencies for enrollment in their database .
Yes , usually it takes a short time , but you have to await the choice of the units for a while .
Cross the street and walk two blocks west.You can't miss it .
Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?
Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Who ?
You must have the wrong number .
You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
Please make sure to fasten your seat belt . We are to take off .
I love this store . The only problem is that it ’ s extremely expensive .
Really ? I thought you hated shopping ?
Sure . That ’ s really nice of you . Let ’ s go in and try some things on .
That ’ s gorgeous ! Do they have it in a size 8 ?
I think this color isn ’ t quite right for me . Do they have the same dress in white ?
This is perfect ! What do you think ?
I ’ m so lucky . You only get a chance like this once in a blue moon ! Thanks honey !
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ?
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
Thank you for your kindness .
I couldn't agree more !
Oh , yeah , two beers .
Sure , here they are .
Just this suitcase .
No problem . What about this carry-on ?
Can I have an aisle seat , PLS .
Thank you . And when is the latest time for me to board the plane ?
Thank you very much !
I have worked as an executive secretary for 5 years , first for trading companies , and now I am working for a trust company . I interact well with peers , clients , administrators and bosses . I thrive on challenge and work well in high-stress environments .
I can type 100 Chinese words a minute and take dictation in English at 150 words a minute .
Yes , I can . I have received some special training in computers . Besides I am good at operating common office machines , such as fax machines and duplicating machines .
That's all right . But could you tell me how often and how many hours I should work overtime ?
Mr . Smith , I's like to ask you a question .
What specific duties would I perform if I am hired ?
Yes . I specialized in English secretary studies at college and that's one of the main parts of my present job .
I really need more information about the job before we start to discuss salary . Maybe you could tell me what is budgeted for the position .
I think it's acceptable and I really like the job . And when can I know the decision ?
No . Thank you for the time .
We have to equip our company with a network of work stations at every office and show room as soon as possible .
Besides , Internet tends to be more essential now in the information age .
And , to be frank , our copying machines are too slow ; our telephone system is limited in function .
I need to book a plane ticket to London .
One-way .
Saturday , July 25 .
Just one adult .
Economy , please . Economy class is the cheapest , right ?
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
I don ’ t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
Don ’ t worry about a thing ; we are just taking a second look and talking .
Yes , I am sure I can .
Yes , I think I am quite proficient in both written and spoken English .
Yes , I think I can in ordinary circumstances .
Yes , I think I speak English quite fluently . I got a high score on TOEFL . I majored in English in college .
Thank you for noticing ! I've been making a few lifestyle changes over the past year .
Well , it all started when my brother challenged me to quit smoking .
When I kicked that habit , I found I had so much more energy . I started exercising .
No . I like to be outside . I took up hiking and mountain biking .
Thank you . I ’ m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .
Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Our silk is known for its good quality . It is one of our trade - trional exports . Silk blouses are brightly colored and beau - fully designed . They ’ Ve met with great favor overseas and are always in great demand .
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
OK then . Well , I will work on my part and get back to you with my progress on Friday .
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
Would you be able to relocate ?
What are your annual salary requirements ?
I ’ ll keep that in mind . Thank you for coming in today . We ’ ll be in touch .
Yes , it is . Please put your luggage on this scale .
Yes , it is . How many pieces of hand luggage do you have ?
Yes . Come with me to the vitamin section .
You're looking for a multi though , right ?
Okay . Then I recommend this one . It's made especially for men about your age .
That's my job ! Is there anything else I can assist you with ?
Okay . Is your hair naturally curly or is it a perm ?
That's my specialty . Let me put this around your neck .
With the cut I'll give you , we will minimize a lot of that .
And when we're done , I'll show you some great stuff to take care of the rest .
Okay . Say when .
I'm not in the mood .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
Cute ? Hope so .
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
Yes . I wrote a thesis entitled " On Interpersonal Relations in the Socialist Market Economy " and it was published in China Daily .
Hi there , everyone . We hope you're having a good night !
The night is young , folks . Get some food and mingle with those faces from yesterday .
But for now , the band is playing the songs from our senior year . Get out on that dance floor !
Yes . Go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street . Walk three blocks to Second Avenue and turn right . Walk two more blocks and you'll see City Hall on the left .
Okay . First , go to the next corner and turn left onto Center Street .
Then , walk three blocks to Second Avenue an turn right . Are you with me so far ?
Then , walk two more blocks an you ’ ll see City Hall on the left . Have you got all that ?
Nothing much , what's going on ?
Oh , really ? That's nice .
This Friday ? Sorry , I already have plans .
I'm going to dinner with my family .
Yeah , maybe next time .
Sounds like a plan .
It's simple . You can use call transfer .
Sure . You know , we spend most of our time at home or in the office every day , so I receive handset calls with the hand-free telephone , so I need pay little for receiving calls .
Call transfer has many other advantages . When I am in places where network can't cover , such as the high building , I also use call transfer function , which transfers my calls to the hand-free telephone and I will not miss any call .
In hospitals or on planes , handsets will interfere with some equip-ment , so we must close our handsets . If you set call transfer , the problem will be solved .
Tomorrow morning ? What about tomorrow afternoon ?
OK .
Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
You inform the people in charge and let them reserve dinning tables for guests .
You still have time on your lease .
That ’ s not going to be all right .
I ’ m going to have to keep your deposit
Because you ’ re leaving before your lease is over .
You ’ re not going to get it .
I can ’ t help you with that .
Here it is . 350 Yuan all together .
Hearing you say that is a big reward for us . And here is the receipt .
Wait ! Congratulations ! You are the lucky customer of our anniversary celebration .
You can have a free facial and then make up free for you . Do you want it now ?
Here is our number . Call us when you are ready to come .
Yes .
I am sorry , but I can't lend it to you now , for I haven't finished reading it . If you don't mind , I can lend you some back numbers to you .
No , it is a fortnightly . So , you see , I can get the new one quite soon .
Yes , I do . I also use an anti-spyware program and a firewall . There are so many nasties on the internet and so many people who are trying to use the internet to hurt other users . You have to be very c
I usually run it every few days . It finds a virus about half the time .
Have you tried this one ? It ’ s very good and you can download it for free on the internet . You can also download updates for free .
Just a minute ... go to this one . I ’ ll send you an email with the line in it . It only takes a few minutes to download . Then you have to go through the set up procedures . But they are not complicated .
I use it for several things-surfing the net , word processing and creating presentations . I don ’ t play many games on my computer , but I do a lot of work with photographs . Using a computer program , you
B :: Nice to meet you , Mr . Wilson .
B :: Thank you .
B :: Well , I think I'm ready for new challenges .
What is your address ?
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
Yes , yes . Everything's fine . Thank you very much , Becky .
I need to rent three pairs of skates for the morning .
One pair of 37 , and two pairs of 21 . One for me , and the other two for two kids .
Thanks . Well , those two kids are beginners . What should I do about their safety ?
Oh , yeah , maybe I should ask them just to walk along the railings .
OK . Anything else ?
Got it . Thanks for reminding me . And , are there any intensive training courses ?
Mike , you're late again .
Do you think I believe the story like that ?
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time 。
You'd better .
Something important ?
Tickets ? What tickets ?
Air tickets ?
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Yes . So ?
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Sorry .
Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
Since you have booked . Then let ’ s celebrate our wedding anniversary before hand .
No , thank you . Check , please .
Here are $ 40 . Keep the change . That's my tip for you .
How to do it ?
How long will it take to reach the buffet ?
The line sure does move fast .
OK . I like that green vegetable but I don't know how to call it .
All right .
Yeah , but I'm still waiting for my invitation .
Well , she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today .
I think so . It sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun .
What time does the party start ?
Oh , well , how many people has she given invites to so far ?
Well , hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today .
The outlook in the future is very positive . Because we have been in this field for hundreds of years and we know how to survive this crisis safely .
Great . Welcome to our company .
Can you please tell me where you are located ?
Thank you , I know where that is .
Hello , John .
How about tomorrow at 11 o'clock ?
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
Seriously ?
Wow , that's really interesting . So who won ?
I've been there ! It really is an amazing work of architecture and art . The entire complex is made of white marble and in the interior of the tomb , the walls are covered with gems and emeralds !
Wait a minute ! It also says that the Christ Re-deemer statue in Brazil and the Colosseum in Rome are wonders . I would love to go to Italy and see the Colosseum , stand in the middle like a gladiator !
Good idea !
That should be no problem . May I have your full name , please ?
Hello , Mr . Sandals . My name is Michelle . What days do you need that reservation , sir ?
Our room rates recently went up . Is that okay with you , Mr . Sandals ?
Each night will be $ 308 .
Wonderful ! Do you prefer a smoking or nonsmoking room ?
Next question , Is a queen-size bed okay ?
Okay , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is in our computer . All we need now is a phone number .
Thank you , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you in New York !
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
Sure , that sounds good .
No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Hi there . I'm calling about Personal Internet Banking , what details can you give me ?
That sounds good . At the moment I spend ages queuing at the post office to pay my bills .
It depends on the time of year . At peak times we hire in casual workers to help with packing and dispatch . We also contract out certain services all year round , for example , cleaning . We run a very tight operation !
Sometimes we use a local employment agency . It depends on the job .
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?
That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
Chicken , please .
What kind of drinks do you have ?
In that case , let me have a glass of orange juice .
I would like to have some tea as well .
I see .
I'd be glad to .
Do you have an account with this bank ?
In that case I highly recommend you apply for a savings and checking account also . That would help with your credit card application .
The annual charge rate is 9.5 % .
Not really . The credit card is a revolving account . You only pay interest on what you owe .
You will receive a monthly statement with each expenditure itemized .
You can also get a cash advance up to 1,000 dollars on this card .
Well , I almost always get up very early , and I lift weights for an hour .
No . And then I often go Rollerblading .
About five times a week . What about you ?
No , I don't think we have .
How do you do ? My name is James Green .
And here's mine .
And I'm glad to meet you , too .
Mr . Smith , please .
What time do you expect him back then ?
No , thanks . I will call back later .
OK . Thank you . Goodbye .
Yes , I need some traveler's checks .
Three thousand US dollars .
Yes , here you go .
It's all the same to me .
Thanks .
I need you to tell me what the problem is .
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
I will be coming by around 10 this morning . If you aren ’ t there , I ’ ll just use my key .
It's more violent than TV news !
Nine-thirty .
No time . That's their headlights in the window !
Little dude , your life is over !
He's 21 . How old is James ?
How's your father ?
He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
In the same way , probably .
Sure , let me take a look ... Personal Information , Education , Experience , Training ... I think you should add another section for language . You speak three languages , so you might as well put that on your resume .
Not necessarily . I think people would be impressed by your language abilities . It says something about your level of intellect and experience . Also , I think human resources directors want to see more of a well-rounded person in a resume .
Well , you're right , the resume is limited in how much it can tell someone about a person . That's why job interviews are important to let people know the real you that they can't see from a piece of paper . But resumes can be helpful in explaining things and giving a good impression to a potential employer .
I need to think it over .
All right . I'm prepared to , if the pay is reasonable .
What a beautiful view we have here .
Wonderful . Will we have any free time there ?
I just stayed at home and watched TV .
yes , it was a very evenly matched game .
it ended in a tie .
it was three all .
if Barcelona had played as they normally do , they should have won .
their goalkeepers got injured after the first goal , but he kept on playing anyway .
how many more games are left this season ?
when do the playoffs start ?
of course ! I really love watching football games on TV .
sure , that would be great .
I ’ m fine , thanks . Just trying to get adjusted . It ’ s hard to keep track of everything around here .
Yeah . I just got here a couple of days ago . How about you ?
Gave me the receipt , please .
What's wrong with it ?
Would you like another bigger one ?
OK , here is your money .
What is your favorite color , miss ?
Here you are.It ' s very attractive .
Go ahead .
Right over there .
Yes , you look very nice .
We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
May I ask you something ?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
I'm trying to get my license .
Can I do all six hours in one day ?
That's all I have to do ?
Well , that's a relief .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Sorry . I was too worried .
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
How much do you think the rent will be ?
Which tooth is it ?
Ar , Yes . There ’ s a big cavity .
I ’ m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
you ’ d better wait , the gums are swollen . Take the medicine I prescribe and come back in three days .
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
Really ? Even for such an excellent one ?
The local newspaper has ads for housing .
Sometimes you can post an advertisement saying that you need a roommate .
Would you like an apartment for just yourself , or do you need it for two people ?
You should be able to easily find that for twelve hundred dollars a month .
Sure , I ’ ll go look at apartments with you anytime you want .
With pleasure .
No problem .
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
But by then , the technology will be outdated .
That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
I guess you get what you pay for .
what kinds do you have ?
Last time I tried a pink curl perm and form permanent . Set the wave a little loose than as usual , please .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
I understand completely , sir . Housekeeping will bring you souvenirs in just a moment .
Well , you can take the No . 36 bus from here , but then you have to walk about 30 minutes .
Actually , if you go to the bus stop in the next block , you can take bus 301 which will let you right off in front of the zoo .
You're welcome .
What'd you like , madam ?
No , just a few minutes .
I ’ m doing well .
Could you cancel a check for me ?
I wrote the check out for way too much .
I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
That ’ s great . You ’ re a lifesaver .
Yes . Thank you .
A glass of Qingdao beer .
Will you make some recommendation ?
Yes , Madam . The reporting desk for the British Airway's flight to London is over there .
Yes , this is the right desk . Have you any luggage ?
Would you please put you suitcase on the scales ? You needn ’ t weigh your handbag .
Yes . I ’ ll attach your baggage receipt to your ticket .
You must go to immigration to the departure lounge .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Oh , yes , please . But you are just closing , aren't you ?
I shall not keep you long then . It was about some saucepans you had in your window last week .
Oh , they were lovely . Sort of imitation wood , dark brown color , country-style you know , and the lids , if I remember rightly , they had a sort of leaf pattern , or was it flowers ?
Oh , you must know the ones I mean . They were on sale , a real bargain . Reduced to a quarter of the original price . I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw them .
I don't think you did , you know . My neighbor told me she saw some here only yesterday .
May I just have a look , to see if there is anything else ?
Yes , yes , I am sorry I won't keep you . It must get on your nerves when customers come in right at closing time . But they were such beautiful saucepans . I ’ d have bought them if I had made up my mind on the spot .
Oh , look ! That was the one there . That is the sort of thing I was looking for . But it's not quite the color .
There it is . That is the pattern ! The set behind you . Thank goodness , they haven't been sold . And thank you so much for being so patient with me . Yes , those are the ones .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
Four is an unlucky number here , Peter.Four sounds like death in Chinese.Hotels often have no fourth floor .
People don't usually tip here , but you can.Fifty dollars should be more enough .
I ’ d like to make a reservation for my trip from Detroit to Beijing on April 13 on Trans Pacific Airline .
I ’ d like to have a round trip ticket with a one-year open return .
Economy , please . How much is it ?
Very good . Could I get an electronic ticket ? I ’ m always afraid of losing my tickets .
Bank of American card . The number is 6786 9182 12300 8657 .
An aisle seat , please . I ’ m tall and need to get up and walk pretty often .
What time should I arrive at Detroit Airport ?
What happens if I can ’ t leave on April 13 ? Can I cancel my ticket or change the reservation to another date ?
That ’ s OK . What are the weight restrictions for checked baggage ?
That ’ s great ! I can have two bags checked for 70 pounds each . I think I ’ m all set . You ’ re really efficient . Thank you very much for your help .
Well , I ’ ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
Fine . I ’ ll bring both our office furniture and equipment catalogues on Thursday .
Thank you.But it is too bright for me .
Let me try it on . I like that color .
But it is too loose.Do you have the smaller size ?
What a pity !
How much would you like to borrow ?
Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
Our monthly interest is 1.5 % of the outstanding balance . Would you please fill out the application the form ?
When you flip the tie up , he's right side up . Brilliant .
I wouldn't mind having one myself ...
OK !
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
I see . So , that would mean that every month it would just come from my account ? That does sound like a good idea , totally trouble free .
Hi . It ’ s Tony calling from the dentist ’ s office . Is Lily there ?
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
519 367 8901 .
Yes . I ’ m Tony . Thank you very much .
Bye .
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
I did . Why ?
No , I didn't . I'm sorry . It won't happen again .
No , I don't suppose he's to blame.The man in the other car made a mistake .
How to adjust ?
Ah , some products are successful at home , but not be popular overseas .
Yes , sometimes the differences are great .
We have to ensure that the product should be attractive to guarantee sales .
Watch your language .
$ 10 per person .
Turn to the next window and they will help you find one .
Where are you heading now ?
Is that the university next to the Teachers ' College ?
You mean we'll share the taxi ?
Well.Don ' t worry about it , I will be happy to share the taxi with you .
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
Twenty .
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
I like sports very much.Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6.As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
It ’ s too loud .
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ’ t suit me .
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
Quiet color .
Really ? Let ’ s go there .
Sure ! What do you feel like having ?
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
I'm not , I am a vegan .
A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
It's a bit difficult to find vegetarian friendly restaurants sometimes , but since more and more people are vegetarians or vegans nowadays , it's getting a bit less difficult .
It wasn't all that great .
I don't think that they had their act together . They didn't seem well prepared .
I wasn't all that impressed by the food .
The service did not help the situation .
I am not interested in trying this restaurant again .
No . I am a transit passenger going to Sweden .
Only one night .
No , I don't .
They are my personal effects .
First of all , we need to understand what I was looking for . Do you know what the purpose of an inspection is ?
I went there to check for problems with the home , so you aren ’ t surprised when you move in .
Sellers aren ’ t always truthful , and there might also be problems that they aren ’ t aware of .
You can make the sale of the house contingent on them fixing the problems .
There were no major problems . One leaky pipe under the sink and two broken roof tiles was all that I found .
I will take a rain check .
Tell me what seems to be the problem .
Did you ever talk to him about it ?
I have a question .
I need to take the driver's course . How many hours do I need ?
I need to get my license .
How many hours a day can I do ?
That's all I need to do to finish ?
Thanks . I'll get back to you .
Yes , please .
My luggage is in the corner over there . They are the leather suitcase , the canvass holdall and the blue backpack .
Please be careful with the suitcase , it's very heavy .
And the holdall has some fragile items inside , so please be careful with that too .
About 50 miles .
No , but we ’ Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
But it ’ s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ’ t it ?
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
I'm happy with that price .
Okay , let's shake on it .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .
That's fine .
Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
Thanks .
Miao Ping , in your opinion , should we go for the Type A or Type B Account ?
Thanks for your time . I'll go and discuss everything with my partner and I'll be back later .
I've got a really bad headache and my stomach hurts .
I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?
You can use quarters , dimes and nickels .
May I see your ticket please ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do .
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Ok . Mr . Lee , you ’ re all set . Your flight leaves from gate 10 . Boarding begins at 10:30
I graduated from Peking University .
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
I've taken courses on office administration , reports and correspondence writing . I think all these are closely related to the job of assistant manager , because it requires the ability to perform general office work and to assist the manager in handling all paperwork .
We'd better not move him . I'll get the first-aider .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ’ t receive your delivery in time .
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .
It's important to do proper exercises .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
You bet it !
Generally speaking , we provide bikes for both gentlemen and ladies , size 19 , 21 , 23 , 25 and 27 inches . We can vary the colors according to the buyer's requirements . Here are the catalogues and the pattern books . They will give you a rough idea about our products .
To be reliable is the strong point of our products . As a matter of fact , it's always our practice to supply high quality goods at reasonable prices . Flying pigeon is the best of its kind at the price .
Well , you know , the traffic in Beijing is sometimes dangerous . Therefore , I have to remind you of something . First , you should obey the traffic rules , don't break in the red light . Second , don't play a joke with your friends when riding on the bike . Third , do not hurry up when riding , or would make an accident . Finally , remember come on the left and go on the right !
Thank you . But a number of things have been going wrong lately .
Oh , the whole house needs re-painting for starters . The carpet in the living room is worn out , and I'd like to put in new wall-to-wall carpeting . Last week , I had to call the plumber to fix the toilet . Anyway , all par for the course when you own a house , I guess . I think I am going to hire an interior decorator to look the place over .
Go right ahead .
Wow , you really do have a talent for this , Alice . Thanks for the suggestions .
Nice to see you with us , Anne.Please make yourself at home .
There are different types . Which one do you like best ?
Surely , of course .
It's there , near the mirror .
Don't worry . You'll be fine . First of all , put on your seat belt . Adjust the mirrors .
Of course not . But it's a good habit to put it on every time you drive .
Right . Hold the steering wheel with your hands at ten o'clock and two o'clock .
I ’ m going to England by flight BE987 .
10:00 AM . When am I supposed to check in ?
Here you are .
Yes .
all right .
How much must I pay ?
Here you are .
Thanks .
I ’ m a little nervous . I ’ Ve never flown before .
Yes , please .
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
This will be fine , thanks .
Thank you .
What is your problem ?
You need not always do that . Why don ’ t you pat them on the back occasionally ?
Sorry , sir . That table has been booked .
Actually you can have a window seat if you don't mind a ten-minute wait .
So am I .
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
They sell everything .
I've gotten chow mein from there before .
Trust me , the food isn't half bad .
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ?
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
What's on today ?
Really ? I'm interested in it .
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ’ t been , we will still accept it .
Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Your check will arrive a little late .
Yes , I am .
How do you do ?
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
Thank you . I'm sure I will have a wonderful time here .
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
Yes.Tell him Mr.Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .
I start work at three .
I get home pretty late , around midnight .
I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
I don't know . I just know I've never been asked so many questions in my life .
Three-but there was one of them who kept asking really stupid questions .
Oh , he wanted to know what time I got up this morning and if I bad a bath or a shower you know , things like that .
I've no idea . Oh yes , and the most ridiculous thing . He asked me what I had for breakfast this morning .
Hmm . Thank you very much .
Sorry . I'll clean it up .
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?
My son . He is two years old .
Is it ?
May I have a look at the introduction ?
Hi . I've been sent over from Turner Interiors . They said I need to collect some sort of L / C ? Do you have it ?
It should be from Sayuri Beds . Is that right ?
That's what I want ! Do you need me to sign anything ? Or fill in some forms ?
Perfect . Thank you , goodbye !
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
No . it ’ s only five minutes walk . you can ’ t miss it .
You are welcome
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Sure . I ’ ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
